README.md, before:

# InTents
Team Cup'O'Javas Ecommerce site for Capstone 3

## Contributors
| [Mary Wenzel](https://github.com/Mary-Wenzel-TGS)                                                                                                                                | [Matthew Nordstrand](https://github.com/MatthewNordstrand)                                                                             | [Kit Sidhu](https://github.com/kitsi)                                                                                      | [Donavyn Haley](https://github.com/donavynhaley)                                                                                  | [Garrett Molle](https://github.com/gmolle)                                                                                  | [Pallavi Deshpande](https://github.com/)                                                                            | [Neo Maraisane](https://github.com/NeoElias)                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02T6AB0V4N-e09833243ae9-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/Mary-Wenzel-TGS)                                             | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02UL3PL9RT-341a17792b83-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/MatthewNordstrand) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02VCNVHL0Y-9facf060112a-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/kitsi) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02U8CANFRV-3036cfbe9165-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/donavynhaley) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02V1L5404R-51beb54fe2b4-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/gmolle) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02UGARFYP8-26b71ceb23a7-512" width="200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02U8CAU1CP-900526e334c4-512" width="200" />](https://github.com/NeoElias) |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;      TA      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                                    | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                        | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                               | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                         | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                 | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                         |
| [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/Mary-Wenzel-TGS)                                                                                     | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/MatthewNordstrand)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/kitsi)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/donavynhaley)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/gmolle)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/)                                       | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/NeoElias)                                       |

Commit message:

Updated readme to add instructions on running the application

README.md, after:

# InTents
Team Cup'O'Javas Ecommerce site for TEKsystems Capstone 3

## Setup

### Server
1. Open up the "server-side" folder in **Intellij** to allow maven to download all server dependencies.
2. Click the green "Run" button to launch the server.
3. After the server is done starting, open up the products and orders SQL files found in the **src/main/resources** folder in **MySQL Workbench**.
4. Run products.sql
5. Run orders.sql

### Client
1. Open the **InTents** folder in **VSCode**.
2. Open up a terminal and enter the command: `cd client-side`
3. When running for the first time, enter the command: `npm i`
4. To finally run the test server to run the application, use the command: `npm start`

## Contributors
| [Mary Wenzel](https://github.com/Mary-Wenzel-TGS)                                                                                                                                | [Matthew Nordstrand](https://github.com/MatthewNordstrand)                                                                             | [Kit Sidhu](https://github.com/kitsi)                                                                                      | [Donavyn Haley](https://github.com/donavynhaley)                                                                                  | [Garrett Molle](https://github.com/gmolle)                                                                                  | [Pallavi Deshpande](https://github.com/)                                                                            | [Neo Maraisane](https://github.com/NeoElias)                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02T6AB0V4N-e09833243ae9-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/Mary-Wenzel-TGS)                                             | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02UL3PL9RT-341a17792b83-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/MatthewNordstrand) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02VCNVHL0Y-9facf060112a-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/kitsi) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02U8CANFRV-3036cfbe9165-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/donavynhaley) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02V1L5404R-51beb54fe2b4-512" width = "200" />](https://github.com/gmolle) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02UGARFYP8-26b71ceb23a7-512" width="200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T02TPUBRWRE-U02U8CAU1CP-900526e334c4-512" width="200" />](https://github.com/NeoElias) |
| &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;      TA      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                                    | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                        | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                               | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                         | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                 | Full-Stack Engineer                                                                                                         |
| [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/Mary-Wenzel-TGS)                                                                                     | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/MatthewNordstrand)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/kitsi)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/donavynhaley)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/gmolle)                                         | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/)                                       | [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/NeoElias)                                       |
